[docs] Add API key restriction guidance to FCM credentials guide (#47994)
expo/expo: docs/pages/push-notifications/fcm-credentials.mdx

}
```

> > **Note**: If the API key in **google-services.json** (the `client.api_key.current_key` field) has restrictions in the [Google Cloud API Credentials console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials), verify them. Under **API restrictions**, allow both the **FCM Registration API** and the **Firebase Installations API**, or leave the key unrestricted. If you restrict the key to Android apps under **Application restrictions**, use the SHA-1 fingerprint of the **app signing key certificate** from **Release** > **Setup** > **App Integrity** in the Google Play Console, not your upload key (Google Play re-signs your app when distributing it). With a mismatched fingerprint, the Firebase Installations API returns `403 PERMISSION_DENIED: Requests from this Android client application are blocked` and your app never gets a push token.

Reviewer: **style** `mechanics.md#vale-rules-enforced-if-missed`

The third sentence, "If you restrict the key to Android apps ... when distributing it", runs 43 words, well past the 25-word limit. Vale's `SentenceLength` rule targets exactly this, but it is `level: suggestion` while **.vale.ini** sets `MinAlertLevel = warning`, so CI stays silent and the clean `vale` run in your test plan is expected rather than a pass. Split the SHA-1 instruction from the Play Console path and drop the parenthetical.

---

**style** `terminology.md#external-product-casing`

"Google Cloud API Credentials console" is a third name for a product the docs already name consistently: this page says "Google Cloud Console" in step 1 of the second flow, and the maps guides say "Google Cloud Credential manager". Use "Google Cloud Console" as the link text. Vale's `Consistency` rule has no Google Cloud entry, so this one is ours to catch.

---

**nit** `links-and-headings.md#internal-links`

The parenthetical "(Google Play re-signs your app when distributing it)" explains app signing inline when [App signing by Google Play](/app-signing/app-credentials/#app-signing-by-google-play) already documents the upload certificate versus app signing key distinction. Link "upload key" to that section instead, which keeps one source of truth and gives a reader who does not know the difference the full explanation. It also lets you drop the parenthetical that pushes the sentence past the length limit.

```suggestion
> **warning** If the API key in **google-services.json** (the `client.api_key.current_key` field) is restricted, check it in the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials). Under **API restrictions**, allow the **FCM Registration API** and the **Firebase Installations API**, or leave the key unrestricted. Under **Application restrictions**, use the SHA-1 from **Release** > **Setup** > **App Integrity** > **App signing key certificate** in the Google Play Console, not your [upload key](/app-signing/app-credentials/#app-signing-by-google-play). A mismatch makes the Firebase Installations API return `403 PERMISSION_DENIED: Requests from this Android client application are blocked`, and your app never receives a push token.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

}
```

> > **Note**: If the API key in **google-services.json** (the `client.api_key.current_key` field) has restrictions in the [Google Cloud API Credentials console](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials), verify them. Under **API restrictions**, allow both the **FCM Registration API** and the **Firebase Installations API**, or leave the key unrestricted. If you restrict the key to Android apps under **Application restrictions**, use the SHA-1 fingerprint of the **app signing key certificate** from **Release** > **Setup** > **App Integrity** in the Google Play Console, not your upload key (Google Play re-signs your app when distributing it). With a mismatched fingerprint, the Firebase Installations API returns `403 PERMISSION_DENIED: Requests from this Android client application are blocked` and your app never gets a push token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Note in the above step should be fine.
